CNV-95174: virt: use new HCO field instead of a feature gate for persistentReservation (#117896)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-enabling-persistentreservation.adoc

// * virt/virtual_machines/virtual_disks/virt-configuring-shared-volumes-for-vms.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="virt-enabling-persistentreservation_{context}"]

> = Enabling the PersistentReservation feature

Reviewer: avoid gerunds in titles, use the imperative form instead
```suggestion
= Enable the PersistentReservation feature
```

[role="_abstract"]

> You can enable the SCSI `persistentReservation` feature and allow a LUN-backed block mode virtual machine (VM) disk to be shared among multiple virtual machines.

Reviewer: spell out lun on first use so this module can stand alone, and many is preferred over multiple
```suggestion
You can enable the SCSI `persistentReservation` feature and allow a logical unit number (LUN)-backed block mode virtual machine (VM) disk to be shared among many virtual machines.
```
